Alright, Ashley, can you please give us a sign if you are here?

I’m here. And so is Andy. Thanks, Joel.

Yep. Hi. Perfect.

Good afternoon. Good morning, everybody. Very good. Oh, thank you. Yeah, yeah—good morning, and thanks for joining.

And thanks for the over fifty participants that have signed up. I’m sure we’ll have many more that are still stuck in the other call. But what I would like to do is Ashley and the team—maybe in a couple of sentences summarizing what the challenge is all about—and then we will pretty quickly move into a Q and A session, because I know there’s many questions. Also, people here in the room approach me already with questions.

So, Ashley and the rest of the team in North America, I would then like to start the Q and A right away. But maybe, Ashley, I’m not sure if you will quickly summarize the use case for the hackers. Yes, or is it Andy?

Yes. And I apologize—I’m not on video. I’m headed to an appointment, but here to take any questions. I’ll let Andy introduce us.

Amazing. Thanks, Andy.

Yeah, well, it’s great to see everybody, and you know, appreciate your interest and all of the important work that’s being done in conjunction with the hyper challenge.

I think we’re bringing together some of the brightest minds that we have at Zurich, and we need your help. We need your help to think about new ways of sourcing different opportunities—particularly as artificial intelligence and a lot of the different tools are being introduced to the business at a very rapid rate.

So, our challenge on the business side is to create additional opportunities for the underwriting team, using a lot of different sources of information—both public and private sources. How do we uncover some of these untapped opportunities in this tremendous amount of white space that we have, because Zurich has always been exceptional at writing the Fortune 500 companies where very well penetrated in that universe. And even over the last five to six years, we’ve made great strides at growing our middle market book of business. But there’s still a lot of untapped opportunity there—whether it’s by industry, whether it’s by broker source, type of company.

This is where we need your help. We’re looking for ways that we can uncover these in an efficient manner and an accelerated way, so that we can keep pace and keep our commitments to you—our customers, our brokers, our shareholders.

I mean, you know, Zurich has made a huge investment in middle market across the globe. And so, you know, that’s where we need all hands and all minds on deck to help us generate new sources of revenue. So that’s at the heart of what we’re trying to solve for.

And you know, really appreciate everybody’s help around this particular challenge. Thank you so much, Andy.

And yeah, we have our sixty teams already in this call, and I think more will then listen to the recording or the transcription. And yeah, you can count on them to come up with various different approaches on how to tap into this opportunity of customers that are not on our radar.

Yeah, with this, I would like to open up for the Q and A session. Are there already any questions to our stakeholders in the US?

What’s the up question? Anyone? If anyone wants to go first—go first.

Yes, many of you just woke up and Ralph, thank you, Ralph. Don’t be shy. Thank you, Ralph, for going first.

Hello. So one quick question is, what kind of data sources do you already consider when you’re looking at new prospects? Because typical agents just have memory, right? And then we can give them all kinds of tools. So it’d be interesting what you’re already looking at, and then we can come up with new solutions based on that and expand on it.

Yeah, I mean, you know, a lot of our data sources have been, and you know, Ashley can certainly weigh in on this as well. You know, they’ve been a lot of the traditional means.

Right, we’ve got our data lake in the US and globally. Right is vast, as far as you know, old opportunities. We’ve seen customers that we’ve quoted in the past and haven’t won. Industry data, you know, when we’re looking at all the various focused industry groups across the US, we’ve got a lot of different sources around that. If they’re in an association or not.

You know, there’s just a lot of public information out there when you look at these different data sets. I think of the, you know, Verosisk— I mean, that’s a huge source of customer data that we can leverage there as well. But at the end of the day, I mean, there’s also a lot of private sources that we don’t really have perfect intelligence on.

So, you know, I think we need to really be creative around looking at new sources of data and you know, some of it we could purchase, but we don’t have an unlimited amount of funds to do that. So, you know, we need to think of other ways to uncover these opportunities.

But Ashley, I don’t know if you have anything to add to that.

Yes, I can speak on one data piece. So one set of work under underway right now is with our Russell 3000 index. So the Russell 3000 is a public index of the largest 3000 US public companies. And so work is underway between CDM in the US and the global team to understand well how can we look at like that 3000 list and see where do we already have business placed, where is their opportunity to grow.

I’d say that space is pretty well covered from a data standpoint for this particular challenge, where we’re kind of looking at the white space. We did share a data file that has just public data from Dun and Bradstreet. So we haven’t done anything with this data that we’ve shared with you necessarily yet, but it gives the largest 30,000 companies in the U.S.—private and public, whatever Dun and Bradstreet had—as well as as much company information as we were able to pull.

So that would be a great source to mine from, as far as where can we match this against our appetite and then find additional information about these companies from external sources.

As far as data for this challenge for current states, we’re not sharing any like customer or current business data as part of the challenge, but I think in adoption we would certainly take that into consideration alongside what broker relationship data do we also have to have that through. That’s fine. I can set that up. I guess that answered the question.

And Andy, I do have a question as well. Since I’m quite intrigued about this use case as well—today, how does a sales or a distribution professional in the US, how do they get access, or how do they typically, what’s, what, how would a human approach this problem today? If you have the Russell 3000 but you want to go beyond that—how would you, how would you do that? Is there any secretary of state office kind of database that you would type into, into or how would you do that practically without AI?

Yeah, I mean, there’s a lot of you know, sources that are publicly available that territory leader or any distribution professional can can look at. But you know, it is a relationship business, very much so in the US and globally.

So, from a human-to-human standpoint, we have to leverage our relationships with brokers that we have established and then create new ones.

And so the established relationships are clearly easier, and maybe a first level of what a distribution professional would would look at is having those regular disciplined meetings with our brokers and really understanding what their book of business is, what their client needs are, and then you know, sourcing opportunities from all of those relationships. And you know, they’re in the hundreds for any given territory leader. And then it’s also uncovering new relationships.

So, you know the Zurich’s got a great brand, an attractive brand in the marketplace. And so many brokers are always coming to us looking for access. And so part of our job is to profile that broker and do they have the right customer mix of business that we what that is in our appetite and that we want to go after.

But it is very much outside of all the tools and databases that are available. It is very much a human business and that you have to have good relationships with our brokers in order to maximize that opportunity.

Okay, thank you. Do we have any other questions?

Martina, hello. So I just wanted to ask you that it relates maybe to what you just said. It’s very human business. So I just wanted to ask if we create some of the database that will specify clients that might be of appetite to use. So how do we validate that you know, because AI makes mistakes as people do. So how do we make sure that the data that we come up with would be actually good ones? Do you have any view on that on how to validate the outputs we come up with?

That’s a good question. I mean, I think if you stay true to some of the guardrails in the business case, you know, that’s a great starting point. And you know, that the we can validate it by you know first and foremost by by industry.

Like we have you know a very rich data set of like what we consider inappetite business by by industry group. So you know that is one way to easily validate whether it’s going to have a green light or red light to move forward.

You know, I don’t know Ashley if you have any other, you know, perspective on on that on how do we validate the opportunities.

Yes, yes, and Andy you alluded to the business case. We’ve spent a lot of pages in that document outlining the details of the case to the market appetite. So certainly take a look at that. You’ll see pages in that document that outline more it with a description of the type of business that is in our preferred appetite.

But there’s also an Excel file linked in that document that gives you a very detailed overview of what’s in appetite. And that even goes down to the SIC code level and gives an indication of what is preferred, what is acceptable, what do we not want. And so I would heavily rely on those materials to tell you what is Zurich here in the US looking to pursue and how does that match up with either the Dun and Bradstreet company list or other companies that you source that will be like the best source of truth.

Anthony, can I just sort of share a view on that as well?

So and I think here what we aren’t telling you is like you know who do we ensure, right? So I guess we’re sort of saying look, take a blank slate and go off and sort of see who you would kind of look to kind of scout scatter. I think important Martina opinion would be to then sort of actually be able to sort of document your rationale based upon all the guidance which Ashley just talked about. What Ashley and Andy, I think we could kind of think about is to look at this right.

Because I’m expecting we will have quite a few prototypes to sort of review here. And maybe we could look to kind of overlay with it, it, on our side, look okay, who have we insured, who have we kind of quoted on before, so we can see our appetite. We could actually sort of that sort of benchmark. I don’t know how much we can share that across the team because some of that information is confidential. We can’t sort of say who who that customer list is.

I think that can help us do that sort of more automated review, looking at kind of what the teams kind of come let’s pick that up offline and think how we can kind of use that as really that sort of as our ground truth.

It’s difficult to say to Stevens, but I think Martina and everybody if you’re explaining in your agent why it was taking that decision, what’s rationale, why it was in appetite or not, and there’s lots of kind of gray areas in between that will help us for to be able to sort of understand why your agent had taken those decisions, those recommendations.

Any other questions?

No more questions. So I guess if you should have questions that come up while Leo start hacking, just use the team’s channel to address any questions. And I’m sure Ashley, Andy, and the team will be there to answer any business related questions. If there’s any technical questions, Anthony, Anthony myself, Dario, Gloria will be at your disposal as well.

And yeah, yeah, this I love this use case because it requires quite a lot of imagination. It’s not just how do we get from A to B. There’s a lot of ways to get from A to Z right. So I’m super excited, and thanks again Andy and Ashley for bringing this use case in. And yeah, yeah, let’s see. Maybe we’ll crack that knot. Not an easy one, I must admit, not an easy one at all.

And I’ve worked in B2P sales almost all my life, and if we crack that knot here for you guys, I think this is IP we should definitely try to monetize and add it into whatever CRM system the sales guys across the globe use.

So thanks so much. Yeah, thank you Joel. Thanks for the chance to bring us all together. Look forward to what the group comes up with. I’m sure will be some amazing stuff. Thank you you guys. Then happy to give everyone thirty minutes back to the day. Then have fun hacking. Bye, bye, bye. Bye bye. See you soon. Oh, you’re—thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye bye. Thank you. You.